All right now let's go ahead and look at how we can add a unit testing project to our application.
I'm going to go ahead and add a completely separate application from our first application.
Right click on the solution.
And from here I'm going to go and say add a new project.
This is going to pull up my little Explorer here and I can go and shoot a bunch of different things
I'm going to get on the test and you can see unit tests project for the Dot Net Framework and we're
going to call this unit test project 1 I don't really care about that.
You're going to see here that it's using the framework here and you can choose the different frameworks
and unfortunately with this particular thing it only works with the dot in that frame.
So to confuse things you have to actually click on dot net core and then from here you can go ahead
and select your unit test project so we're going to use the M-S test project forgotten that core and
select OK.
And then from here what we need to do is we actually need to add a reference so to have our you know
testing project be able to reference our actual projects so that we can test the code in our project
we need to go out and add a reference to our unit test project.
So with our unit test project here and on the dependencies or you can just right click and say Add Reference
down here and then from here under the projects you might have another browse but you want to select
projects and you can just click your first application.
So that way the unit test can now reference the first application and why do we want to do that.
Well that's because we want to go ahead and write a test math here so this going to be our test method.
For now let's just instead of having to change the name in fact let's go and change the name because
I want to give you guys proper naming convention but you want to say what it is that you're testing
and what you expect the outcome to be.
So we're just going to say we just want you know controller
does not return NULL or something like that.
So like this.
Now we will go ahead and honor our test.
We will go and instantiate our controller.
So I will say control equals new.
And then from here we can go and instantiate the actual controller that we're trying to call which if
you remember correctly we have a music controller.
And now because I've done this you're going to see that we want to add a reference because we have the
reference to our unit test project.
We can now reference the project.
And we brought that and you can see that we haven't satisfied the requirement from the controller so
if you guys are following along from the story all the way up till now you know that you have to inject
a an object here a ban repository object that the controller is going to use to test.
And from here this is where it becomes very beneficial because then you can end up mocking your repository
object to satisfy the requirement.
So I could say repository equals new band repository.
And after I've instantiated that object I need to go ahead and bring that reference and as well
and then from the music controller I'm going to go ahead and pass and my repository.
And now that we brought that in and we want to go ahead and just say a cert which is a built in key
word ARISA is not no.
And then we'll pass in the controller.
So this will return true or false.
If it's not KNOW it will return TRUE and our tests will pass and if it's no then it's going to return
false and the test will fail and we can go out and rename our unit test as well it's called unit test
was actually a terrible name but you know I'm not here right now if you want to run the test method
just right click on the actual test method portion and say run test.
And this is going to go through the test and hopefully you'll get a green checkmark if it passes or
a red X if it fails.
All right so it does take a second to compile because everything I to compile from the test project
to the actual UI project.
So if you're like me and you see this message here that they can't find view features what you want
to do is go to your new package manager and from here you can install the view features here.
So by selecting this on Growden added for your unit test project and select install.
So now if we go back to our method and we run it it's going to be all to run and it's going to pass.
And like I say you should be able to see a green checkmark here.
But I guess maybe that's why resharpened does that.
Anyway you can see that they test method here is that you get the green check So this is your test Explorer
if you guys don't see that you can go up to your tools are next to your tools and go to test them under
Windows to test explore.
But that's how you set of unit testing and Natcore.